gh-75593: Allow opening of path-like files with `wave.open` (#140951)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-11-04-12-16-13.gh-issue-75593.EFVhKR.rst

> wave.py - Allow opening of path-like files.

Reviewer: "
```suggestion
Add support of :term:`path-like objects <path-like object>` in :func:`wave.open`.
```

> Add support of :term:`path-like objects <path-like object>` in :func:`wave.open`.

Reviewer: And bytes objects.

Author: Oh sorry for that again 😅. I’ll update later today.
